I am Omura Masujiro, born in “1824” in
Suo province, current day Yamaguchi prefecture.
I am Japanese scholar and soldier popularly
regarded in Japan as the founder of the modern
Japanese Army.
After studying Confucian ethics, at “19”
I began studying Western learning. When I
was “23”, I went to Osaka to study Western
medicine. In “1850” I returned home to
practice medicine but had little success,
and in “1853” I became an instructor in
Western learning for the Uwajima clan in Ehime
Prefecture. Then I became an instructor at
Tokyo government’s office for the study
of Western books in “1856”, and later
at the national military academy. During this
period, I studied English under James Curtis
Hepburn, an American missionary, who later
devised a Romanized system for the Japanese
language and who was then working for the
Japanese government.
I also studied Western military strategy.
I applied the knowledge of the Western military
sciences as an adviser to the Choshu military
organization. There, I gained fame as a strategist
during the battles between the Choshu and
the forces of the shogunate in “1864”
and “1865”, before the Meiji Restoration
reestablished direct Imperial rule.
In “1869” I was appointed minister of
military affairs and planned the adoption
of a conscription system for the new Imperial
Army and the complete elimination of the samurai
as a warrior class. While in Kyoto inspecting
sites for military schools, I was assassinated
by samurai opposed to my reforms. I was posthumously
accorded the Junior Grade of Second Court
Rank. I created the foundation of a modern
Japanese army and I hope my efforts have created
a Japanese society living in peace and harmony
with the world